.TH hmod 1 "June 23 2014" "" "Harbored-mod"
.SH NAME
hmod \- Documentation generator for the D programming language
.PD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY hmod
.RI [ option ]...
.RI [ file/directory ]...
.YS
.PD
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBhmod\fP is a documentation generator for the D progamming language.
.PD
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS
Prints a help message
.RE
.B \-o, \-\-output-directory
.I OUTPUT_DIRECTORY
.RS
Specifies the directory where the generated documentation will be written.
"./doc" will be used if this is not specified.
.RE
.B \-e, \-\-exclude
.I MODULE_NAME
.RS
Exclude given module or package from the generated documentation.
By default no modules or packages will be excluded unless they do not
contain a module declaration.
.RE
.B \-i, \-\-index
.I DDOC_MD_FILE
.RS
Use DDOC_MD_FILE as the content of the index.html page. By default this
page will be blank.
.RE
.B \-t, \-\-toc\-additional
.I DDOC_MD_FILE
.RS
Use DDOC_MD_FILE as additional content of the table of contents.
.RE
.B \-g, \-\-generate\-cfg
.RS
Generate the default configuration file and write it into 'hmod.cfg'. This
file can be used to store configuration options instead of passing them on
command-line. By default, hmod loads configuration from this file if it
exists.
.RE
.B \-c, \-\-css
.I CSS_FILE
.RS
Use CSS_FILE to style the documentation instead of using default CSS.
.RE
.B \-C, \-\-generate\-css
.I CSS_OUT_FILE
.RS
Generate default CSS file and write it to CSS_OUT_FILE. This file can
be modified and then passed using the \-\-css option.
.RE
.B \-f, \-\-config
.I CONFIG_FILE
.RS
Load hmod configuration from specified file.
By default, hmod loads configuration from './hmod.cfg', if such a file
exists. Any configuration option specified in the config file is overridden
if the same option is specified as a command-line argument.
.RE
.B \-m, \-\-macros
.I MACRO_FILE
.RS
Specify a file containing macro definitions that will be used when generating
documentation.
.RE
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Based on harbored by Brian Schott (@Hackerpilot on Github), modifications by
Ferdinand Majerech
.PD
.SH BUGS
Please use the issue tracker located at
.UR https://github.com/kiith-sa/harbored-mod/issues
.UE
